We were having a great time at the club, enjoying drinks and dancing the night away. Suddenly, my phone buzzed in my pocket. It was a message from my wife, "I'm in danger. Please come home."

I immediately rushed out of the club and headed home. As I entered the house, there was no sign of my wife. I called out her name but there was no response. Suddenly, I heard some strange noises coming from the abandoned house next door.

I cautiously approached the house and opened the creaky gate. I shuddered as I stepped into the overgrown lawn. The house looked old and abandoned for years. I noticed the basement door was slightly open, and a faint light was emanating from within.

I descended down the staircase, and the door slammed shut behind me. The room was dark, and I could feel a chill down my spine. The basement was more extensive than I had anticipated, and I realized it was a maze.

As I made my way through the maze, the sounds grew louder and more terrifying. I heard whispers, footsteps, and screams. I was sweating profusely and felt like someone or something was following me.

Finally, I reached the end of the maze, and there was a small room. The room was dark, and I could barely see anything. Suddenly, I heard a sound that froze me in terror. It was my wife's voice, but it sounded distorted and eerie.

I hesitantly made my way towards the sound and found my wife bound and gagged. As I tried to untie her, I noticed a figure standing behind me. I turned around, but there was no one there.

Suddenly, I felt a cold hand on my shoulder, and I turned around to see a shadowy figure. The figure lunged towards me, and I blacked out.

When I woke up, I was lying on the basement floor, alone. My wife was nowhere to be found. As I stumbled out of the house, I realized that the abandoned house was no ordinary home, but a portal to another dimension.

From that day on, strange things began to happen to me. I would see shadowy figures lurking in the shadows, and I would hear whispers in the night. I never found out what happened to my wife, but I knew that we were both trapped in a world of horror and fear.


